Add Automod documentation (#4860)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/Change_Log.md

# Change Log

## Auto Moderation

#### Jun 16, 2022

Add new [Auto Moderation feature](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION) which enables guilds to moderate message content based on keywords, harmful links, and unwanted spam. This change includes:

> - Access new endpoint for [creating](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION/create-auto-moderation-rule), [updating](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION/modify-auto-moderation-rule), and [deleting](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION/delete-auto-moderation-rule) Auto Moderation rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New endpoints for [creating](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION/create-auto-moderation-rule), [updating](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION/modify-auto-moderation-rule), and [deleting](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION/delete-auto-moderation-rule) Auto Moderation rules
```

- New gateway events emitted when Auto Moderation rules are [created](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/auto-moderation-rule-create) (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_CREATE`), [updated](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/auto-moderation-rule-update) (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_UPDATE `), and [deleted](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/auto-moderation-rule-delete) (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_DELETE `). Requires the `AUTO_MODERATION_CONFIGURATION` (`1 << 20`) intent
- New gateway event emitted when an [action is executed](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/auto-moderation-action-execution) (`AUTO_MODERATION_ACTION_EXECUTION`). Requires the `AUTO_MODERATION_EXECUTION` (`1 << 21`) intent

> - New [audit log entries](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUDIT_LOG/audit-log-entry-object-audit-log-events) when rules are created (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_CREATE`), updated (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_UPDATE`), or deleted (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_DELETE`), or when AutoMod performs an action (`AUTO_MODERATION_BLOCK_MESSAGE`(

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New [audit log entries](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUDIT_LOG/audit-log-entry-object-audit-log-events) when rules are created (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_CREATE`), updated (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_UPDATE`), or deleted (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_DELETE`), or when AutoMod performs an action (`AUTO_MODERATION_BLOCK_MESSAGE`)
```

# Change Log

## Auto Moderation

#### Jun 16, 2022

> Add new Auto Moderation feature which enables guilds to moderate message content based on keywords, harmful links, and unwanted spam. This change includes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add new [Auto Moderation feature](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION) which enables guilds to moderate message content based on keywords, harmful links, and unwanted spam. This change includes:
```

> - access to endpoint for creating, updating, deleting rules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Access new endpoint for [creating](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION/create-auto-moderation-rule), [updating](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION/modify-auto-moderation-rule), and [deleting](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUTO_MODERATION/delete-auto-moderation-rule) Auto Moderation rules
```

> - new gateway events emitted when rules are updated and when automod performs an action, with associated intents for subscribing to these events

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New gateway events emitted when Auto Moderation rules are [created](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/auto-moderation-rule-create) (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_CREATE`), [updated](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/auto-moderation-rule-update) (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_UPDATE `), and [deleted](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/auto-moderation-rule-delete) (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_DELETE `). Requires the `AUTO_MODERATION_CONFIGURATION` (`1 << 20`) intent
- New gateway event emitted when a [rule is triggered](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/auto-moderation-action-execution) (`AUTO_MODERATION_ACTION_EXECUTION`). Requires the `AUTO_MODERATION_EXECUTION` (`1 << 21`) intent
```

> - new audit log entries when rules are updated or automod peforms certain actions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New [audit log entries](#DOCS_RESOURCES_AUDIT_LOG/audit-log-entry-object-audit-log-events) when rules are created (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_CREATE`), updated (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_UPDATE`), or deleted (`AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_DELETE`), or when AutoMod performs an action (`AUTO_MODERATION_BLOCK_MESSAGE`(
```

## Updated Command Permissions

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
